clarify that neither Reliable Size nor error code is a reliable signal (#34)
quicwg/reliable-stream-reset: draft-ietf-quic-reliable-stream-reset.md

described in ({{Section 13.3 of RFC9000}}). Data sent beyond that byte offset
SHOULD NOT be retransmitted.

As described in {{Section 3.2 of RFC9000}}, QUIC stacks MAY deliver data beyond

> that offset to the receiving application. An sending QUIC stack MAY choose a

Reviewer: I don't understand this sentence. This seems to be up to the API contract between the sender's QUIC stack and the application. I'd consider it a very weird API if the application requests a reset with reliable size X, but the QUIC stack might sends a RESET_STREAM_AT with reliable size Y, but that's none of our business.

All that the protocols cares about is that a RESET_STREAM_AT was sent with offset Y.

Author: > I'd consider it a very weird API if the application requests a reset with reliable size X, but the QUIC stack might sends a RESET_STREAM_AT with reliable size Y, but that's none of our business.

FWIW, this actually helps reduce sender state. When application requests a Reliable Reset, [POC of quicly](https://github.com/h2o/quicly/pull/550/commits/2326f9572b8d01687f2af398d8b1cf016aee2a0c#diff-c63dc437bd0da3e0f0e1ac685a5bc07e769a0064ea96ab7159e08e4efeeaf474R6511-R6513) chooses `max(reliable_size, size_inflight)` as the value of Final Size. The only additional state is a flag indicating if the value has to be communicated using FIN or if the value has to be sent as "Final Size" and also "Reliable Size" using a RESET_STREAM_AT frame.

a RESET_STREAM_AT frame. Similary, the Reliable Size of the RESET_STREAM_AT

> frame does not prevent the QUIC stacks from delivering data beyond the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
frame does not prevent a QUIC stack from delivering data beyond the
```

> frame doesn't prevent the QUIC stacks from delivering more data beyond the

Author: ```suggestion
frame does not prevent the QUIC stacks from delivering data beyond the
```
Maybe:
* doesn't -> does not
* more data beyond -> data beyond

> peers.

Reviewer: See https://github.com/quicwg/reliable-stream-reset/issues/33#issuecomment-1765653993, this is part of the API contract, and I don't think we should specify anything here.

Author: I disagree, let's continue discussing this on #33.

described in ({{Section 13.3 of RFC9000}}). Data sent beyond that byte offset
SHOULD NOT be retransmitted.

> As described in {{Section 3 of RFC9000}}, stream reset signals are not guaranteed
> to traverse to the receiver. QUIC stacks might deliver data beyond the specified
> offset to the receiving application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As described in {{Section 3.2 of RFC9000}}, a stream reset signal might be
suppressed or withheld, and the same applies to a stream reset signal carried in
a RESET_STREAM_AT frame. Similary, the Reliable Size of the RESET_STREAM_AT
frame doesn't prevent the QUIC stacks from delivering more data beyond the
specified offset to the receiving application.
```
